## Problem

https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/

## Problem Description

Roman numerals are represented by seven different symbols: `I`, `V`, `X`, `L`, `C`, `D` and `M`.

**Symbol**  &emsp;     **Value**  <br>
I &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;    1  <br>
V &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;             5  <br>
X &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;             10  <br>
L &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;             50  <br>
C &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;             100  <br>
D &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;             500  <br>
M &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;             1000  <br>

For example, `2` is written as `II` in Roman numeral, just two ones added together. `12` is written as `XII`, which is simply X + II. The number 27 is written as XXVII, which is `XX + V + II`.

Roman numerals are usually written largest to smallest from left to right. However, the numeral for four is not `IIII`. Instead, the number four is written as `IV`. Because the one is before the five we subtract it making four. The same principle applies to the number nine, which is written as `IX`. There are six instances where subtraction is used:

- `I` can be placed before `V` (5) and `X` (10) to make 4 and 9. 
- `X` can be placed before `L` (50) and `C` (100) to make 40 and 90. 
- `C` can be placed before `D` (500) and `M` (1000) to make 400 and 900.
- Given a roman numeral, convert it to an integer.

 

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "III"  <br>
**Output:** 3  <br>
**Explanation:** III = 3.

## Approach
1. 建立兩個Hash table，symbol_values 儲存基本羅馬數字符號和對應的值，第二個 subtractive_forms 儲存特殊組合（如 IV, IX）和對應的值
2. 使用 while 迴圈遍歷字串：
   - 若連續兩個字母存在 subtractive，回傳對應數字
   - 若無，在symbol_values 中尋找對應數字

<br>

1. Create two Hash Tables: symbol_values to store basic Roman numeral symbols and their corresponding values, and subtractive_forms to store special combinations (like IV, IX) and their corresponding values.
2. Use a while loop to traverse the string:
   - If two consecutive letters exist in subtractive_forms, return the corresponding number
   - If not, find the corresponding number in symbol_values


## Code

- Support Language: Java, Python

Python Code:

```py
class Solution:
    def romanToInt(self, s: str) -> int:
        symbol_values = { 'I': 1, 'V': 5, 'X': 10, 'L': 50, 'C': 100, 'D': 500, 'M': 1000 }
        subtractive_forms = {  'IV' : 4, 'IX' : 9, 'XL': 40, 'XC':90, 'CD' :400, 'CM' :900 }
        
        i = 0
        count = 0
        while i < len(s):
            if i + 1 < len(s) and s[i:i+2] in subtractive_forms:
                count += subtractive_forms[s[i:i+2]]
                i += 2
            else:
                count += symbol_values[s[i]]
                i += 1

        return count
```

Java Code:

```

```

**_Complexity Anlysis_**

- _Time Complexity_: O(n)
- _Space Complexity_：O(1)
