## Problem

https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-moves-to-seat-everyone/

## Problem Description

There are `n` **availabe** seats and `n` students **standing** in a room. You are given an array `seats` of length `n`, where `seats[i]` is the position of the $i^{th}$ seat. You are also given the array `students` of length `n`, 
where `students[j]` is the position of the $j^{th}$ student.

You may perform the following move any number of times:

Increase or decrease the position of the $i^{th}$ student by `1` (i.e., moving the ith student from position x to `x + 1` or `x - 1`)
Return the ***minimum number of moves*** *required to move each student to a seat such that no two students are in the same seat*.

Note that there may be **multiple** seats or students in the **same** position at the beginning.

**Example 1:**

**Input**: seats = [3,1,5], students = [2,7,4]  </br>
**Output**: 4  </br>
**Explanation**: The students are moved as follows:  </br>
- The first student is moved from position 2 to position 1 using 1 move.
- The second student is moved from position 7 to position 5 using 2 moves.
- The third student is moved from position 4 to position 3 using 1 move.
In total, 1 + 2 + 1 = 4 moves were used.


## Approach
題目看起來很複雜，但其實只要先排序，然後學生依序從 0, 1,..n開始選位置, 每個學生都選擇離自已最近的位置，即相同順位的位置即可。 </br>
在比較複雜的題目中，可能需要計算距離才能確定那個位置是離自己最近的位置。

The problem seems complex, but the solution is actually quite simple. By sorting both the `seats` and `students` arrays, 
we can directly pair each student with the seat at the corresponding index. This ensures that each student is assigned to the closest available seat, minimizing the total number of moves. In more complex scenarios, calculating the distance between each student and seat might be necessary to determine the nearest seat.

## Code

- Support Language: Java, Python

Python Code:

```py
class Solution:
    def minMovesToSeat(self, seats: List[int], students: List[int]) -> int:
        seats.sort()
        students.sort()
        move = 0
        for i in range(len(students)):
          move += abs(students[i]-seats[i])
        return move
```

Java Code:

```

```

**_Complexity Anlysis_**

- _Time Complexity_: 
- _Space Complexity_：
