## Problem

https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-hours-of-training-to-win-a-competition/

## Problem Description

You are entering a competition, and are given two **positive** integers `initialEnergy` and 
`initialExperience` denoting your initial energy and initial experience respectively.

You are also given two **0-indexed** integer arrays `energy` and `experience`, both of length `n`.

You will face n opponents in **order**. The energy and experience of the $i^{th}$ opponent is 
denoted by `energy[i]` and `experience[i]` respectively. When you face an opponent, you need to 
have both **strictly** greater experience and energy to defeat them and move to the next opponent if available.

Defeating the $i^{th}$ opponent **increases** your experience by `experience[i]`, but **decreases** 
your energy by `energy[i]`.

Before starting the competition, you can train for some number of hours. After each hour of 
training, you can **either** choose to increase your initial experience by one, or increase your initial energy by one.

Return *the **minimum** number of training hours required to defeat all `n` opponents*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** initialEnergy = 5, initialExperience = 3, energy = [1,4,3,2], experience = [2,6,3,1]  <br>
**Output:** 8  <br>
**Explanation:** You can increase your energy to 11 after 6 hours of training, and your experience to 5 after 2 hours of training.
You face the opponents in the following order:
- You have more energy and experience than the 0th opponent so you win.
  Your energy becomes 11 - 1 = 10, and your experience becomes 5 + 2 = 7.
- You have more energy and experience than the 1st opponent so you win.
  Your energy becomes 10 - 4 = 6, and your experience becomes 7 + 6 = 13.
- You have more energy and experience than the 2nd opponent so you win.
  Your energy becomes 6 - 3 = 3, and your experience becomes 13 + 3 = 16.
- You have more energy and experience than the 3rd opponent so you win.
  Your energy becomes 3 - 2 = 1, and your experience becomes 16 + 1 = 17.
You did a total of 6 + 2 = 8 hours of training before the competition, so we return 8.
It can be proven that no smaller answer exists.

## Approach

## Code

- Support Language: Java, Python

Python Code:
1. 能量的部分會持續消耗，故直接加總計算總供所需要的能量，減掉初始能量，即是所需要的額外能量。
2. 經驗值每一回合會增加，故需要逐回合計算所需的額外經驗：
   * 用 `round_exp = experience[i] - exp` 計算每回合需要的額外經驗
   * 將所需經驗記錄在 exp_list 中
3. 上述兩者加總，即為需要的總訓練時數。

<br>

1. Energy is continuously consumed, so we calculate the total required energy by summing up all energy needed, then subtract the initial energy to get the additional energy required.
2. Experience increases after each round, so we need to calculate the additional experience needed for each round:
    * Use `round_exp = experience[i] - exp` to calculate the extra experience needed for each round
    * Record the required experience in exp_list
3. The sum of the above two calculations gives us the total training hours needed.

```py
class Solution:
    def minNumberOfHours(self, initialEnergy: int, initialExperience: int, energy: List[int], experience: List[int]) -> int:
        round_exp = 0
        exp = initialExperience
        exp_list=[]
        n = len(experience)
        for i in range(n):
            round_exp =experience[i] - exp
            exp += experience[i]
            exp_list.append(round_exp)

        hour =max(sum(energy) - initialEnergy + 1, 0) + max(max(exp_list)+1,0)

        return hour
```

Java Code:

```

```

**_Complexity Anlysis_**

- _Time Complexity_: O(n)
- _Space Complexity_：O(n)
