## Problem

https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-money-to-maximum-children

## Problem Description

You are given an integer money denoting the amount of money (in dollars) that you have and another integer children denoting the number of children that you must distribute the money to.

You have to distribute the money according to the following rules:

* All money must be distributed.
* Everyone must receive at least 1 dollar.
* Nobody receives 4 dollars.

Return the maximum number of children who may receive exactly 8 dollars if you distribute the money according to the
aforementioned rules. If there is no way to distribute the money, return -1.


## Approach
1. 先確定每人都分得到錢, 即 money 要大於 children 
2. 若是剛好每個人可以分8塊，那答案就是 children 
3. 若每人都分完8元了還有剩，那答案是 children-1
4. 每人先分1元 (滿足限制條件)
   * 依序給 7 元, 分給i 個人，剩下的錢不足7元時停止
   * 若剩下的錢等於3元(3+1=4) , 又只剩 1 位可以再分錢，則之前有分到錢的必須有一位要再多拿錢，故答案是  i - 1
   * 其他情況, 答案是 i 

<br>

1. If the total money is less than the number of children, it's impossible to give everyone at least one dollar, so return -1.
2. If the money can be divided evenly among the children, giving each exactly 8 dollars, then all children can receive 8 dollars.
3. If there's a remainder after giving everyone 8 dollars, then one child has to receive less than 8 dollars, so the maximum number of children with 8 dollars is one less than the total number of children.
4. After giving each child one dollar, we start distributing the remaining money in increments of seven dollars.
   * We keep track of the number of children who have received seven additional dollars (making a total of eight dollars).
   * If the remaining money becomes less than seven dollars, we stop distributing.
   * If the remaining money is exactly three dollars and there's only one child left to distribute to, we can't give any child eight dollars without violating the "no four dollars" rule. In this case, we need to reduce the number of children with eight dollars by one.

## Code

- Support Language: Java,Python

Python Code:

```py
class Solution:
    def distMoney(self, money: int, children: int) -> int:
        remainder = 0
        if money < children:
            return -1
        elif money - 8*children == 0:
            return children
        elif money -8*children > 0:
            return children - 1

        # 每個人先分 1 元
        money = money - children
            
        for i in range(children+1):
            remainder = money - 7* i
            if remainder < 7:
                break
        
        if i == 0:
            return 0
        elif remainder == 3 and i == children - 1 :
            return i - 1
        else:
            return i
```

Java Code:

```
未完成
```

**_Complexity Anlysis_**

- _Time Complexity_: 
- _Space Complexity_：
