## Problem

https://leetcode.com/problems/prime-in-diagonal/

## Problem Description

You are given a 0-indexed two-dimensional integer array `nums`.

Return *the largest **prime** number that lies on at least one of the **diagonals** of* `nums`. In case, no prime is present on any of the diagonals, return 0.

Note that:

* An integer is *prime* if it is greater than `1` and has no positive integer divisors other than `1` and itself.
* An integer `val` is on one of the **diagonals** of `nums` if there exists an integer `i` for which `nums[i][i] = val` or an `i` for which `nums[i][nums.length - i - 1] = val`.

1 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  2 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  3  </br>
4 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  5 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  6  </br>
7 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  8 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  9  </br>


In the above diagram, one diagonal is **[1,5,9]** and another diagonal is **[3,5,7]**.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [[1,2,3],[5,6,7],[9,10,11]]  <br>
**Output:** 11  <br>
**Explanation:** The numbers 1, 3, 6, 9, and 11 are the only numbers present on at least one of the diagonals. Since 11 is the largest prime, we return 11.


## Approach

算是一道簡單的題目，只要迴圈收集對角線的數字，再從最大數開始排除質數即可。

和先前找因數的題目一樣，在確認有沒有因數時，只要確認到 $\sqrt{x}$ 就足夠。

<br>

This problem requires iterating through the diagonals of a 2D array, collecting all numbers found. Starting from the largest number, we check for primality by iterating up to its square root. If a prime number is found, it's the answer. Otherwise, return 0.

## Code

- Support Language: Java,Python

Python Code:

```py
class Solution:
    def diagonalPrime(self, nums: List[List[int]]) -> int:
        n = len(nums)
        list=[]
        for i in range(n):
            list.append(nums[i][i])
            list.append(nums[i][n-i-1])
        
        list.sort(reverse=True)

        for i in range(len(list)):
            if list[i] == 2:
                return 2
            for j in range(2,int(list[i]**0.5)+1):
                if list[i] % j == 0: 
                    break
                elif j == int(list[i]**0.5):
                    return list[i]
        return 0
```

Java Code:

```

```

**_Complexity Anlysis_**

- _Time Complexity_: 
- _Space Complexity_：
