## Problem

https://leetcode.com/problems/total-distance-traveled/description/

## Problem Description
A truck has two fuel tanks. You are given two integers, `mainTank` representing the fuel present in the main tank in liters 
and `additionalTank` representing the fuel present in the additional tank in liters.

The truck has a mileage of `10` km per liter. Whenever 5 liters of fuel get used up in the main tank, if the additional tank 
has at least `1` liters of fuel, `1` liters of fuel will be transferred from the additional tank to the main tank.

Return the *maximum distance which can be traveled*.

**Note:** Injection from the additional tank is not continuous. It happens suddenly and immediately for every 5 liters consumed.
 
**Example 1:**

**Input:** mainTank = 5, additionalTank = 10  </br>
**Output:** 60  </br>
**Explanation:**  After spending 5 litre of fuel, fuel remaining is (5 - 5 + 1) = 1 litre and distance traveled is 50km.
After spending another 1 litre of fuel, no fuel gets injected in the main tank and the main tank becomes empty.
Total distance traveled is 60km.

## Approach
這是個即簡單又有趣的題目。如果只是要求出答案，用 while 迴圈一圈一圈的算，很輕易就能寫出答案了吧。如果不能用減法要用除法呢？
該怎麼處理油料補充的邊界問題？換個角度想，每消耗5L會增加1L，就整趟旅程來說，總共從副油箱抽油過來的次數不是應該是除 (5-1) 嗎？

This is a simple and interesting problem. If we’re only looking to find the answer, using a while loop to simulate 
the fuel consumption step-by-step would easily yield a solution. However, if we’re restricted from using subtraction 
and must use division instead, how should we handle the boundary conditions for fuel transfer?

From another perspective, every 5 liters consumed adds 1 liter from the auxiliary tank. Over the entire trip, shouldn't 
the total number of transfers from the anditionaltank be the result of dividing by (5-1) instead?

## Code

- Support Language: Java, Python

Python Code:
```py
class Solution:
    def distanceTraveled(self, mainTank: int, additionalTank: int) -> int:
        count = 0
        while mainTank >=5:
            mainTank -= 5
            if additionalTank > 0:
                additionalTank -= 1
                mainTank +=1
            count += 1
        return (count*5 + mainTank)*10
```

更簡潔的寫法：
```py
class Solution:
    def distanceTraveled(self, mainTank: int, additionalTank: int) -> int:
        injections = min((mainTank - 1) // 4, additionalTank)
        return (mainTank + injections) * 10
```

Java Code:

```

```

**_Complexity Anlysis_**

- _Time Complexity_: 
- _Space Complexity_：
