## Problem

https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression-iii/

## Problem Description

Given a string `word`, compress it using the following algorithm:

Begin with an empty string `comp`. While `word` is **not** empty, use the following operation:
* Remove a maximum length prefix of `word` made of a *single character* `c` repeating **at most** 9 times.
* Append the length of the prefix followed by `c` to `comp`.
Return the string `comp`.


**Example 1:**

**Input:** word = "abcde"  <br>
**Output:** "1a1b1c1d1e"  <br>
**Explanation:**  <br>
Initially, comp = "". Apply the operation 5 times, choosing "a", "b", "c", "d", and "e" as the prefix in each operation.
For each prefix, append "1" followed by the character to comp.




## Approach
不夠快，但比較節省腦力。如果要9個一數儲存，會有一些意想不到的麻煩，不如犧牲一點速度，採取比較容易解決的方案。
1. 先統計每個字母連續出現的次數，依次數、字母的順序儲存起來。例如:[ 12, 'a', 35, 'b', 5, 'c']。
2. 再跑一次迴圈，針對大於 9 的數字做處理，利用商數和餘數將其轉換成相關字串，例如: ['9a3','a','9b9b9b8','b',5,'c']。
3. 將List內的字串合併並輸入。

<br>

The code prioritizes readability and simplicity over optimal performance. While handling counts greater than 9 can be slightly more complex, this approach avoids potential edge cases and unexpected behaviors.
1. Counting Consecutive Characters: Iterates through the string, counting consecutive occurrences of the same character.
Stores the count and the character in a list.
2. Handling Counts Greater Than 9: For counts exceeding 9, the code breaks down the count into multiples of 9 plus a remainder.
This is achieved by dividing the count by 9 to get the quotient and remainder.
The quotient represents the number of times the character is repeated 9 times, while the remainder represents the additional occurrences.
3. String Construction:
The list is converted into a string by joining its elements.

## Code

- Support Language: Java, Python

Python Code:

```py
class Solution:
    def compressedString(self, word: str) -> str:
        word_list = []
        count = 1
        for i in range(1,len(word)):
            count += 1
            if word[i] != word[i-1]:
                word_list.append(count-1)
                word_list.append(word[i-1])
                count = 1
        word_list.append(count)
        word_list.append(word[-1])

        for j in range(0,len(word_list),2):
            if word_list[j] >= 10:
                if word_list[j] % 9 != 0:
                    word_list[j] = (str(9) + word_list[j+1]) * (word_list[j] // 9) + str(word_list[j] % 9)
                else:
                    word_list[j] = (str(9) + word_list[j+1]) * (word_list[j] // 9 - 1)+str(9)

        return ''.join(map(str,word_list))
```

Java Code:

```

```

**_Complexity Anlysis_**

- _Time Complexity_: 
- _Space Complexity_：
