## Problem

https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/

## Problem Description

Given a sorted array of distinct integers and a target value, return the index if the target is found. If not, return the index where it would be if it were inserted in order.

You must write an algorithm with `O(log n)` runtime complexity.
 

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [1,3,5,6], target = 5  <br>
**Output:** 2



## Approach
典型的二元搜尋的題目，演算法或是資料結構的課都會提到。
1. 設左邊界為 l, 右邊界為 r, 計算中間索引 mid = (l + r)/ 2。
2. 若 nums[mid] 小於 target, 說明目標值在右半邊，更新左邊界 l = mid + 1。
3. 若 nums[mid] 大於 target, 說明目標值在右半邊，更新左邊界 4 = mid - 1。
4. 若 nums[mid] 等於 target, 則直接返回 mid. 

<br>

1. Initialize boundaries: Set the left boundary l to 0 and the right boundary r to the length of the array minus 1.
2. Calculate the middle index: Calculate the middle index mid as the integer division of (l + r) by 2.
3. Compare with the target:
    * If nums[mid] is less than the target, the target must be in the right half. Update the left boundary l to mid + 1.
    * If nums[mid] is greater than the target, the target must be in the left half. Update the right boundary r to mid - 1.
    * If nums[mid] is equal to the target, the search is complete. Return mid.
4. Repeat until found or boundaries cross: Continue steps 2 and 3 until the target is found or the left boundary l becomes greater than the right boundary r. If the boundaries cross, the target is not in the array.


## Code

- Support Language: Java, Python

Python Code:

```py
class Solution:
    def searchInsert(self, nums: List[int], target: int) -> int:
        n = len(nums)
        l, r = 0, n-1
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        
        if target <= nums[0] :
            return 0

        while l < r:
            if nums[mid] < target:
                l = mid + 1
                mid = (l + r) // 2
            elif nums[mid] > target:
                r = mid -1
                mid = (l + r) // 2
            else:
                return mid


        if nums[r] >= target:
            return mid
        else:
            return mid + 1
```

Java Code:

```

```

**_Complexity Anlysis_**

- _Time Complexity_: 
- _Space Complexity_：
