## Problem

https://leetcode.com/problems/rabbits-in-forest/

## Problem Description

There is a forest with an unknown number of rabbits. We asked n rabbits 
**"How many rabbits have the same color as you?"** and collected the answers in an integer array `answers` where `answers[i]` is the answer of the ith rabbit.

Given the array `answers`, return *the minimum number of rabbits that could be in the forest*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** answers = [1,1,2]  <br>
**Output:** 5  <br>
**Explanation:**  <br>
The two rabbits that answered "1" could both be the same color, say red.  <br>
The rabbit that answered "2" can't be red or the answers would be inconsistent.  <br>
Say the rabbit that answered "2" was blue.  <br>
Then there should be 2 other blue rabbits in the forest that didn't answer into the array.  <br>
The smallest possible number of rabbits in the forest is therefore 5: 3 that answered plus 2 that didn't.



## Approach
1. 計算同一顏色兔子的數目，要加計回答者本身，故每個數字都 +1。
2. 如果有 3 隻兔子回答的答案在 +1 後都等於 2，其中有2隻可以指的是彼此，但第3隻指的會是藏在森林裡的其他兔子，亦即共有4隻免子。
3. 如上述推論，如果有 n 隻兔子回答了 x，那至少需要 ceil(n / (x+1)) * (x+1) 隻兔子。
4. 依回答的數字分組，並依 3. 所列公式計算每組所需最小隻數，最後加總即為所得。

<br>

1. Since each rabbit's answer represents the number of rabbits with the same color, including itself, we increment each answer by 1.
2. Rabbits with the same answer (after incrementing) belong to the same color group.
3. Calculate minimum group size: If there are n rabbits in a group with answer x (after incrementing), then at least ceil(n / (x+1)) * (x+1) rabbits are needed for this color group. This calculation ensures that each rabbit in the group can find enough same-colored rabbits to match their answer.
4. We calculate the minimum required number of rabbits for each color group and sum them up to get the total minimum number of rabbits in the forest.

## Code

- Support Language: Java, Python

Python Code:

```py
class Solution:
    def numRabbits(self, answers: List[int]) -> int:
        result =  [x + 1 for x in answers]
        result2 = Counter(result)
        count = 0
        for k, v in result2.items():
            count += k * math.ceil(v/k)

        return count
```

Java Code:

```

```

**_Complexity Anlysis_**

- _Time Complexity_: 
- _Space Complexity_：
